hello today I'll show you how
make a dessert for mom to
surprise her this May 10 is a
malted that I hope you like it good
let's see what ingredients we need
and whatever
what we are going to need is ice cream can
be the quantity and taste that you
you want milk
a glass or container where to put our
malted a spoon and if you want something
to decorate it like cinnamon or confectionery
and we're going to need a good blender
let's see how the first thing we're going to
to do is take the ice cream and go to
empty it in our blender
let's take all the reserved ice cream
one or two tablespoons now we're going to
drink milk
and we're going to incorporate it
but not much so that we do not stay very
watery
we want us to have one
creamy consistency and we will liquefy it
let's see that everything is already frothy and
if you want you can add more ice cream or
more milk now in our container or
glass we are going to
put the ice cream that was left over
let's empty our shake
and if we want we can sprinkle a
little cinnamon powder just to give
flavor or some
confectionery pieces
so it's a delicious dessert that
you can give the mam and this May 10
good and finally I forgot a
greeting for my new facebook friend
alex why his name was going to appear
well that was all and see you in the
next video goodbye